chore: add new blog and case study (#526)
ebpf-io/ebpf.io-website: content/blog-posts/2023-11-05-ebpf-creation-story/index.md

---
date: '2023-11-05T12:33:00.000Z'
title: 'eBPF Documentary: eBPF’s Creation Story – Unlocking The Kernel'
ogImage: ogimage.webp

> description: 'Thomas graf highlights some important events that occured during the creation and evolution of eBPF. This article serves as a guide for the recently released eBPF documentary'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: 'Thomas Graf highlights the important milestones that occurred during the creation and evolution of eBPF. This article serves as a guide for the recently released eBPF documentary'
```
